Magan: Hi.
Magan: Can you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Video audio on time. Everything's in sink sink sink sink sink sink my lips are in sync with my video.
Magan: Yes, let me get my headphones.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful. I'm going to open up a note.
Magan: Get
Started
Magan: Hello.
Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Test test test test test.
Magan: Test. Okay, gotcha.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what's up.
Magan: How are you, You look nice today.
Magan: How was your
Magan: Ladies Night.
Gwenevere Abriel: On zoom room complete mess.
Magan: Oh,
I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: I liked it. Everybody's been asking me that that's how I started. Don't let me tell you it tell you how it went. So what I did is very spontaneous so like I you know so bunch of people that don't know each other in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Common denominator, right. Really divergent. I mean just complete I like all kinds of people. Right. So I'm like, so I'm I get along with everybody.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, everybody ready just get along with the problem. So, and I'm watching and this my friday so I'm like, No, really, like, none of, like, you know, this is not working. So I shifted into sort of group facilitator.
Magan: Oh, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I said, Yo, yo, this, this, this. Is this a working. Yo, and they know me. Right, so they know I'm a bossy, bitch. And so, um, I was all
Gwenevere Abriel: This is going to be our topic we're going to focus here and let's go. And so I threw it out there and then it was fine and we all just like, Ooh, you know, we talked about that. I'm going to move. So it was, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: It got pretty intense somehow religion and God got involved. I don't know how it was just
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my
Gwenevere Abriel: God, I was like, What is going on here.
Magan: It's Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: On a Friday topic. Okay. I want to gossip. I want to like play if you guys can even make fun of me. I mean, everybody gossip about
Magan: Talk about somebody
Magan: Best no joke.
Gwenevere Abriel: So anyway, I'm exaggerating, obviously. But that's kind of those are big pieces of it are true. It didn't work very smoothly, because there's really what you know, normally when you're sitting at a table to people talk here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then someone across the table listens and they might. Oh my gosh, me to chime in, but that flow and tele health and doesn't. We don't hear each other. We talk over each other really well I'm
Magan: Communications.
Gwenevere Abriel: Missing it's it's a flow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of talking that can happen because of the limitations of the audio.
Magan: And it's just natural human interaction.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's missing.
Magan: Mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I jumped in their head. My, my, my one friend. She's a smarty pants very opinionated. She's a
Magan: Doctor those ones are fun.
Gwenevere Abriel: To get but she's. Yeah. Well, there's no doubt. She's just came in hot. I mean, like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Clients fits for you. And I was like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: I was like, I was like,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm like what you have
Magan: Calm down.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was like, just like this is my zoom room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's like okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, she has some good points. I mean, I'm not gonna lie. But anyway, yeah, it was, it was interesting, but a good, it's a good idea. I just think I need to kind of format a little bit, you know, around a book club or something like
Gwenevere Abriel: A little thing that we can all be focused on
Magan: Yeah, and it's
Magan: Oh, go ahead.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you. What about you, have you been using this social platform at all to increase connection with
Magan: No, I am cutting myself off from the world very well.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm in it, you're like, Hey, great excuse
Magan: Me. Yes, away from me.
Magan: No reason to six feet motherfucker making tall. I don't care. It's great.
Gwenevere Abriel: I, some people are saying that they're like, I have no problem with this. I'm like, I don't want to talk to these people anyway.
Magan: Yeah, well. So I have a few instances that I think will be proud of me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me.
Magan: So this morning or last night I got an email from my boss, saying, I need to meet with you tomorrow. So I'm worrying about it all night, of course, but I kept practicing all night belly deep breathing.
Magan: The entire night. Okay.
Magan: And then I saw him swipe his card and go into the office and then my blood pressure went way up because I was worried
Magan: Yeah, so I before I went into his office. I took like four big, deep breaths.
Magan: And I sit down and his first question was, So is there an issue between you and Stephanie that I need to know about.
Magan: I took a deep breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Night and I can and I pause and I was like, how do I want to pop it in
Magan: So I was like, What do you mean issue. What do you mean by issue.
Magan: And so he explained the circumstances. And I was like, well, I had no idea that it had escalated to this point, I don't work with her on the same shift.
Magan: To be quite frank. No, sir, I do not like the as she's not my cup of tea. However, I'm here to do my job and I will remain professional and in that room I have her back beyond that she's not my buddy. Right.
Wow.
Magan: Yeah, I was really proud of me. I was like,
Magan: Let's get straight to the point here because I didn't want to tiptoe around it and say, oh, no, I like Stephanie or oh no oh god she hates me. No, that's not how I feel. I don't like her. She's not a nice person. She's a selfish human being that only thinks about herself and
Magan: I'm not here to be her friend. So why am I going to pretend like I want to. So I made that determination, very quickly that I was going to be honest and say, No, I am not a fan of her. She's not
Magan: A No. But I'm here to do my job and I will do that successfully and I'm sorry that it's gotten to this point for you, especially during this time.
Magan: Because I had no idea that it was like this and then he asked me if I'd be willing to talk with her and I said, Yeah, I'm happy to clear the air. I was like, however, sir, I'm going to be honest, and he said, Okay. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: My gosh, couldn't have gone any better.
Magan: No, I was really proud of me. I walked out of there with smile on my face and she was looking to see if I was, she was there. So she was watching me. And she was trying to see if I was upset or if I got reprimanded or something. I walked out with shit eating grin. It was so big.
Magan: And I, it's not like I was trying to shove it in her face, but wow. Like, why couldn't use talk to me. Why couldn't you just bring it to me.
Magan: If you have an issue with me or if you feel there's conflict or or a disagreement, talk to me and maybe we clear the air, but apparently she needed to go way up the chain of command, all the way to
Magan: Higher management. So if we're going to lay it down in higher management lab. I'm going to lay down to. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So they she made wasn't a formal complaint. In other words, she said, Make Megan is doing a and b. What were the action.
Magan: She didn't make a formal complaint. She just thinks that there's conflict between us, like there could be issues there that there wasn't an exact meaning as to why I was there.
Magan: And I, I said. Um, so I guess, yesterday I was in my locker putting my stuff away for the for the night, and she was coming in to get her stuff out of her locker.
Magan: Now there's a blind corner. I can't see who's coming and the lockers are in the way for anybody to access. You have to say excuse me to get past the money.
Magan: I didn't know she was behind me and I started to cough and I turned and I cuffed in my went to go coffee my elbow and I cost on her because she was literally walking past me at the same time.
Magan: I apologize to her immediately.
Magan: I'm sorry, I didn't see you there.
Magan: She just got really huffy and Puffy got really upset and I apologize, and that was the end of it.
Magan: I thought, but that was part of the reason she brought up and feeling that it might be because of that I cost on her on purpose or something, I don't know.
Magan: But I made it very clear to him. You know, I don't have any issues with Stephanie.
Magan: And I'm happy to clear the air and then let's see what else Sydney that whole investigation.
Magan: There's a pre determination hearing
Magan: Okay, so for her.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that that term. I don't, I'm not familiar with. You are optimistic about that term.
Magan: I'm hoping I am optimistic about this term. So it's kind of like it's kind of like saying that
Magan: The findings of the investigation.
Magan: There's ground.
Gwenevere Abriel: Holder. Now I recognize
Magan: Yes, there's there's grounds.
Magan: Whether they're good or bad. I don't know, but she has the right to defend herself and explain herself.
Magan: But it's gotten to the point where they have to bring those
Magan: Grounds of their findings to her.
Magan: Like getting in front of a jury, but she's been indicted.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah well acquainted with us.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me tell you something. This she's probably miserable.
Magan: Well, I did. So my supervisor, Josh, the one that I feel is a really good supervisor very supportive.
Magan: Very uh he's just a good supervisor. He's, he's got a good head on his shoulders and I would have aspired to be a supervisor like him.
Magan: But he, he said that she looked really scared.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's just
Magan: And I kind of feel bad for but then I'm sitting there thinking, wait a minute. She did a lot of horrible things to me and but
Magan: I know what it feels like to be in a place of unknown and it's
Magan: It's not a good feeling.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's opportunity. Megan, if you could to to see that even
Gwenevere Abriel: Even in this prayer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Seems like the obvious vindication would be the emotion that it's still more complicated than that. But you can still hold compassion for someone
Gwenevere Abriel: You can do both. You can sit with those opposing
Gwenevere Abriel: Opposites that
Gwenevere Abriel: Sit with it. Right. The more I think the more human. We are he can sit with
Gwenevere Abriel: This is the natural consequence of her actions, it will play out. It's already playing out it's playing out. I can also relate to having to defend myself not an awful feeling
Magan: Maybe of embarrassment, you know,
Magan: And I can
Magan: I don't, I can like I said she's been horrible to me. And yeah, there is some there is that feeling of haha I told you so, or haha. But then there's also that feeling of, oh, I know what that feels like. And it sucks.
Magan: She's not a bad person I you know I don't really know her well enough, but she was a bad person to me and
Magan: Maybe she'll learn from the situation and be careful how she proceeds in the future with people if I've done anything in this whole thing. I stood up for myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh, that is so cool.
Magan: So that's what I would say. Out of all of this, if even if nothing comes of it and she just gets a little slap on the wrist.
Magan: I, I still defended myself and I took it all the way and I didn't go like old Megan status, where I would have just beat the shit out of her in a parking lot.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh.
Magan: And I didn't go clam up like a show like current Megan.
Magan: So I did something
Gwenevere Abriel: That both of those dualities, I would say, um, is it really current Megan.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe both of broke eating and maybe you're finding right that that power of conviction in between explosion and immobilization, you're fine somewhere in the middle there.
Magan: Maybe I would hope so, because I don't want to be the closed off Panda Megan that shuts down, but I also don't want to be angry Megan that blows up.
Magan: I don't and I don't want to take like
Magan: For example, I don't want to take that power that I feel from something possibly happening from this situation and letting it get to my head. Do you want. I mean, I want to be.
Magan: I want to have some humility with it and some compassion with it and
Magan: Help me be a better person. You want me but
Magan: Not just be
Magan: The way that I always am and where I put it on me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah I know, and, and you did it when you did it just just today. The fact that you could drift over
Gwenevere Abriel: To my kind of kind of feel bad for when you did that, instead of just how she's getting her just desserts. If you were only doing that one piece of it, then you were doing this old style of vindication I'm right, she's that
Gwenevere Abriel: You're doing it differently. I can tell because you naturally I didn't ask you to do it. You did it spontaneously. I didn't say, well, well, what about what she's going through. You just did it by yourself, you already were like kind of feel for the yes
Gwenevere Abriel: It's both.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right there, that's a skill Megan and it's something that you so you're doing it with this woman.
Gwenevere Abriel: Needs, you're going to be able to do it for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Were once you would want to shame yourself and blame and all this like
Gwenevere Abriel: You might pull back and say, Wait, I'm not just one thing I'm at least 234 lots of different stuff. Wait. It's more complicated than that. But me, not me not go to shame. But be not good at being absolutely right and and perfect. No, that won't work either. It's this both this duality.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think the fact that you're practicing practicing it work.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can still apply it to the self to you're going to be able to find that habit of moderated opinion. I'm neither all good nor all bad. I'm just
Gwenevere Abriel: Me I'm accountable for what I do accountable for what I down to what do I want to do. What do I feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, Sam. Today I'm feeling lazy. Well, okay, Luke. Today I'm feeling ambitious will hope today I fit someone's head off. Whoops, got to fix that one. We go fix that relationship. It doesn't stay stuck on bad bad Megan.
Gwenevere Abriel: Huh, stay stuck on good Megan.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just whatever is coming up. What's What's Now what about. Now what about. Now what about now. If you had the old way of thinking in that room with with your boss when you were pulled in.
Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your choices were few in an enraged by the accusation.
Magan: You could only yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Easily enraged. She didn't
Magan: Yeah, I didn't get enraged. I was surprised. Like, I was like, like what we're at this level, like what, but um
Magan: No, I, more than anything, I was really proud of myself this morning because I was honest.
Magan: And I didn't cover up how I felt. I don't have to pretend to like someone I don't have to cover up my feelings at work, because it's the social
Magan: Socially acceptable thing to do. I don't have to bash somebody or dig myself a whole but I also don't have to pretend and worry about somebody else's feelings. I'm worried about my feelings right now and I don't like you.
Magan: That's just it. I don't like
Gwenevere Abriel: You said it in a really cool way said, you know what
Gwenevere Abriel: Professionally, I'm going to have her back. We're going to work well. We're going to succeed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is she my buddy know we're going to be pals outside the workplace. No, but that's not right. And then right you redirect. But that's not what the concern is
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm wondering maybe maybe she's looking for a friendship and she's confusing the two, but I'm really clear I'm enjoying a professional relationship.
Magan: Mm hmm. Yeah. And that's what I said. Like, I'm happy to sit and clear the air with her. But beyond that, I was not interested not interested.
Magan: She's she reminds me a lot of my mom.
Magan: She really reminds me a lot of my mom and I think that's why I like her.
Magan: Like a lot. Very, very selfish human being.
Magan: So should I get to water bottles.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do a girl.
Magan: Okay, I'll go grab hold on one second.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get my blue light.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some target mapping. I just want to review with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some of the inner weaving pieces that you can either organically do on your own, or you might catch me shifting gears.
Magan: I'm going to move to a different room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I've got some
Magan: Background noise
Magan: Okay, let's see here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so this one you want to have me
Magan: Yeah, I'm gonna
Magan: I didn't like that.
Area.
Magan: Right here.
Magan: Let's see here.
Magan: The do the things need to be at eye level, the water bottles.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, because in theory, this would be you'd be watching
Gwenevere Abriel: A light or you'd be watching my finger, which of course I would have up at eye level.
Magan: Is that good.
Magan: Or too high.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can't see your face. You're just a
Gwenevere Abriel: dark black wall. Yeah.
Magan: Okay, let me try a different area.
Magan: Where you will get this.
Magan: But
Gwenevere Abriel: It was, that was a table, I could just turn see we're facing the light that might have worked. I don't know.
Magan: The lights far away in the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Needs to be your face, not the back of your head.
Magan: I think I have a better setup now. Surely, this will work much better.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're doing that I'm looking over the target.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're exploring and I think I
Magan: Think
Gwenevere Abriel: I know what it is.
Magan: Okay, perfect.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look here. Alright, so right now I'm low. Let me just check and see I'm down so that when you're looking at me you're down here. So if I were to point at the top of those containers, which are just about shoulder length apart. Right. Are they are they down or are they up so that you're looking
Magan: There right at my level like where my head is
Gwenevere Abriel: So if I haven't you, I still can't see your eyes very well, but we're gonna have to go with it.
Magan: Here, let's try this. Then let me bring you up on this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Make that steak or
Gwenevere Abriel: Just a little. Okay. Okay.
Magan: Is that good.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't see your eyes, but don't move, don't move. You're in a great place. I don't want you to reset up
Gwenevere Abriel: I just want to say a little indication
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe down the line.
Magan: I have a lamp.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what we're looking for that sits right
Gwenevere Abriel: In front of your face line like these things.
Magan: Might
Gwenevere Abriel: See how these little guys.
Gwenevere Abriel: So like a clamp.
Gwenevere Abriel: Their little lights.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Goes up at Costco.
Magan: Better
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's want a nice refueling breath. We are just hustling around moving and let's let's bring it into
Gwenevere Abriel: That into that belly.
Gwenevere Abriel: And at your own pace to sort of do that breathing that you now know
Gwenevere Abriel: Gets you centered
Gwenevere Abriel: Get you grounded.
Gwenevere Abriel: Back to back into your body. Maybe noticing this morning is heat ours, they touch the floor.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe imagining the strength of gravity.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gravity that pulls those those feet closer to the floor right almost to the center. The planet is very powerful force that gravity's there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now the weight to move, but once may have been high have been a shoulder and neck just allow it to sort of drop down and just see that. There it is. You can actually notice gravity working
Gwenevere Abriel: sort of brings us hands and arms and shoulders down.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this morning. I want to do some
Gwenevere Abriel: Just reminding and review of your resources being
Gwenevere Abriel: Your dog.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your children and me.
Magan: And I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Ask you something. Are you starting to include you
Magan: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: If it changes if it starts to shift where that sense of protection nurturing and wisdom starts to shift and it becomes you the self, let me know. Okay.
Magan: Yeah I would like it to.
Magan: It's not
Magan: Often on the last one. It felt like I was
Magan: Big Megan watching little Megan.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, not as a protection.
Gwenevere Abriel: One of the I just want those those resources of the the animal this dog, the sense of protection sense of nurturing
Gwenevere Abriel: The sense of wisdom from children want that very present in your imagery and try and just kind of have them interacting with each other at the dog.
Gwenevere Abriel: When
Gwenevere Abriel: Children just sort of have them kind of in the same space with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That imagery, we may visit again. That'll what, that's what I will mean when I say your resource team, they'll be what you're going to right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm guessing you just correct me if I'm off what you have mentioned mentioned in the passes I pass is I don't I don't want you said, I would like to have less reaction to that song.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's what I'm thinking we might want to work on that one. Now this is a very specific work. This has to do with
Gwenevere Abriel: Narrow neural network that's not to say that there are not many connections to it, but we're going to end. So you're going to hear a pretty
Gwenevere Abriel: Redirecting approach from me today. Stay there. Right there. Hold that right there. Go with that your mind is going to be have other things that are going to come in. We're going to stay right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. It is a very different there's like four different ways to go about this. This em, Dr. This one is very exacting, it's only in this very narrow
Magan: State. May I ask why.
Magan: Why you chose this one.
Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like to watch you. Number one, I want to see if you compensate
Magan: I want to make sure
Gwenevere Abriel: To carry you. Because if it gets like this. I'm gonna reel it back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, because we have this time limited thing with our we've got a half hour for something really I think this deserves more like an hour and a half. So I want to protect time and really you you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Um, and I get to watch and I get to see the success of it. I get to to shape what we do next, I get to see how how well it works.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Other ones. It's not like that at all. We, you might want you might demonstrate in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you have this resilience that shows up the suds may go down your positive and cognition may come online quite quickly and will say, look at that we can expand it. Look at that, the resilience is there and my client comes to me and says, I'm ready. I'm ready for the next one. Okay.
Magan: Mm hmm.
Magan: Do it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm still going to be monitoring. No, I'm not just gonna just go
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I want to protect you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's what we're up to today. Let me know if you ever sent any other questions come up. So today is going to look a lot like go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: inhale through the nose. Exhale, and let it go. Then there'll be a beat and I'll say what's coming up for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to catch it might be in your body. I REALLY GOING TO WANT TO KNOW WHAT'S, BECAUSE THERE'S THERE'S solid stuff going on in that body. I'm going to want to know what shifted what dropped what stung.
Gwenevere Abriel: What sank what twisted what shifted. I'm going to want to know that is equally as important as the thought as the emotion is the memory. I like I'm interested in all of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So first I'm going to check
Gwenevere Abriel: If I point to the top of these containers. I just maybe put me more centered. I feel like I'm off to your right. I'm not centered at this point I want to be really centered in this in the image so that when I'm pointing
Gwenevere Abriel: At these these these things. So I'm going to set the pace and I just want to see your eyes for a moment and see if you're comfortable
Gwenevere Abriel: maybe want to be about arms like
Magan: Oh shit, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Screen. So we're going to check on comfort. So you just going to kind of look at this rate. Is this a slow one
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't look at my finger. I'm just setting the pace. Hopefully you can see it out. I kind of peripheral. Is it working.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. We're good. And notice stress in the eye socket muscle kind of orbital, whatever they are. Okay, cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright so let me check in. Now I already said what the target is.
Magan: I can feel it.
Magan: Was gonna say it right away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you feeling it.
Magan: In my chest.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's it doing not just
Magan: I want to
Magan: I want to do this.
Magan: Okay, okay. But I'm trying not to.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I encourage you to do all of what comes naturally protecting is what's wanted. I say that, let's do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay. Yeah, absolutely. So we'll go here and breathe into that that protection, perhaps, of the chest.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now how does it shift this idea of addressing
Gwenevere Abriel: This song is it feel improved having had this cross. No. Okay. No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's spend a little bit of time sort of leaving in these images, then
Gwenevere Abriel: Once you just think about the dog, and I'm going to do slow iterations will do some bilateral stimulation, but I want to actually do some integration of these some installment, they call it. I want you to picture the dog.
Gwenevere Abriel: And picture you picture the children picture me and let me know when you read a really clear he see us all interacting with you.
Magan: I got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Open your eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And sit back just to type. So it doesn't strain and this is going to be slow want you to hold on to that image.
I'd
Gwenevere Abriel: Like you to pay attention to your chest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Picture these resource team figures for protection.
Gwenevere Abriel: nurturing your growth and development.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know wisdom for your children.
Gwenevere Abriel: being present with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do an inhale together nice inhale deep belly breath and exhale it all out.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see what it was like to sit with both the chest and that imagery
Magan: It's a little overwhelming.
Magan: It's gonna sound really weird.
Magan: But
Magan: You guys are all there. But I know what we're
Magan: What we're here to talk about
Okay.
Magan: And
Magan: Honestly, what comes up. This is cutting, burning
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so not wanting to feel the pain of that distress, you'd rather have this other pain right
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see. What if we did
Gwenevere Abriel: Go back into it, but this time we're gonna we're going to work with other imagery that has been effective. I think for you in the past, which has to do with that that Rome.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I would like you to you decide what you want to do with this, but remember that space that you have in your, your anchor room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember that remember your team. And also remember the container.
Gwenevere Abriel: Want you to picture this song with the pain of that song and the whole neural network of it because that's a big one that the whole thing is
Gwenevere Abriel: In a thick metal train car locked itself within a right locks itself with freezer handled with a bolt right that one.
Magan: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm right now I'm picturing what I would do. Like if I wanted, not only to be locked, but distanced so now I've also got
Magan: It's already there.
Magan: So as you're talking about it, you're all in the room, I'm we're in the room, the door shut.
Magan: All the locks are locked on just the door.
Magan: And that name. It's like lingering in the air. Right now, it's actually playing in my head, not the song, but the work for eating in my head.
Magan: And
Magan: I see the container containers, a nice spacious way away from my room.
Magan: And that's the imagery, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Read since this is about sound, can we expand and then I'm going to want to do an iteration. So can you expand the capabilities of that container that it does something transformative with the melody. The know stones sound the same. I did that on purpose. By the way, it was not so
Magan: Now, I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: There was your. It just doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Have the same sound if you slowed it down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or some other way that you want to corrupt shift change those notes as it go higher. Does it go deeper to the notes have all this piece in between them. And why is it about that container. We could sound proof it so even the sound can't get out
Gwenevere Abriel: Sick. We got imagery as long as you need. And when you're ready to open your eyes. When you're ready,
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to hold that imagery container and hold the imagery of the resources in the room, and we're going to sit back a little bit, so you're not straining yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Comfortable in the eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay close attention to pulling up container.
Gwenevere Abriel: Distance, you need the resource room and all the resources.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep breathing in the symmetry connecting the mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm here to
Gwenevere Abriel: Be short
Gwenevere Abriel: Belly.
Gwenevere Abriel: And exhale, slowly as you can. So his breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let there be a beat of nothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: tuning in to what's coming up.
Magan: The songs playing now. Okay.
Magan: I see notes in a container.
Magan: But they're free in the container and it's bothering me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Okay, we're gonna go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get see what you need to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: To get you and your resources to address that problem that you just said let's get it addressed someone in there knows what to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if a question needs to be asked someone spontaneously offers the solution.
Gwenevere Abriel: Checking quickly, what are you thinking about right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I don't know.
Magan: I'm just
Gwenevere Abriel: Feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right.
Magan: Really
Magan: I'm trying, I'm really trying to keep going.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, what do you
Ask us
Magan: To do something
Magan: With
Magan: It's just where it's suffocating
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can't seem to ask for help and it's still there and it's suffocating
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we go back to the imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: Of the notes in that
Gwenevere Abriel: SOUND Did you soundproof it in some way. What did you do to soundproof it. What did or didn't get
Magan: It. I can hear it. It's just playing over
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. So, and you couldn't
Magan: Even note.
Magan: I can see the notes floating in there in the container and I can hear. I can hear it.
Magan: And I can see his lips saying
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hello only go to
Gwenevere Abriel: This, I can't seem to ask a question of my let's just sit with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not
Gwenevere Abriel: Visit and you're not other piece, what's in the container. We're not going to visit that which is going to delve more into
Gwenevere Abriel: The ability, the inability. We're going to see without a little longer to get the help you need. Okay, let's see what comes up with that. So again, go back to resource which is the room, go back to
The children.
Gwenevere Abriel: To the animal and check and see what's coming up for you wonder what's going on with that question that might need to see if there's a question. It can be asked. Let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Asking for help.
Gwenevere Abriel: To do.
Gwenevere Abriel: question or statement emerges, feel free to talk while the iterations happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: Inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale,
Gwenevere Abriel: And let a nice quite
Gwenevere Abriel: A bit of nothing. Just that space between what we did, how you are
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just gonna be quiet inside
Gwenevere Abriel: And see what comes up.
Magan: I'm sitting in the room with all of you guys.
Magan: And you can all see that something's wrong. And then I'm upset.
Magan: You want to know, but I just I can't
Magan: There's not a question coming to my brain.
Magan: It's just, it's not coming and I'm just there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are going to come at this differently, let's instead
Gwenevere Abriel: She do hold that same image go with that. Now, see, see if the animal knows just what to do to your dog.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not up to you as a child to have been question. It's for your resource to kick in to be there.
Gwenevere Abriel: We all know what to do. What do they do.
Gwenevere Abriel: It breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Allow the uncensored
Gwenevere Abriel: Give yourself permission.
Gwenevere Abriel: You doing great.
Gwenevere Abriel: anyone or anything.
Magan: We
Were
Magan: Discussing
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Magan: We're discussing it amongst us
Magan: What we could do.
Magan: To make him go away the notes.
Magan: You said when said maybe we can let them know to float away.
Magan: And I disagreed because and they could still be out there.
Magan: And you said, Okay.
Magan: And it was like Lola suggested blowing the place up
Magan: And
Magan: I said no because I have other things in there that I need to keep
Magan: And the kids suggested bearing it
Magan: And then when suggested cutting them up.
Magan: And then
Magan: And this my I'm afraid because
Magan: The pieces will still be there, even though their notes, they're still
Magan: There.
Magan: And I can hear it.
Magan: And then
Magan: I can see him saying it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go with what comes with
Gwenevere Abriel: Cutting them up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's see what comes with cutting them up if it is cutting, maybe it isn't cutting. Maybe it's some other transformation of those notes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know what's coming up for me is
Gwenevere Abriel: A couple of things. One is that the notes in and of themselves.
Gwenevere Abriel: You here.
Gwenevere Abriel: In other songs
Gwenevere Abriel: They're there. There's somewhere else that probably even groove to and play.
Gwenevere Abriel: The notes.
Gwenevere Abriel: By just the note by itself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Once you just visit one note.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe catch another song where maybe you just thought of it. No, it's just a note.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just go with that for a little bit and see what happens.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can hear this other song.
Gwenevere Abriel: On the radio.
Gwenevere Abriel: And its pleasant on groovy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just a note, just one note.
Magan: The note.
Magan: Turned into
Magan: I don't know how, but like, as you were saying it is a song. Think of a song that note, being in a different song, something I like, but this song.
Magan: It's for my favorite Disney movie.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Magan: And it was. I loved the song, growing up.
Magan: But I don't know if it's like the song transforming into that, or the one note from it, but you've told me to think about the song.
Magan: But
Magan: I don't know how it's going into it.
Magan: I don't know how it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Let let your mind do it, just go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just be
Gwenevere Abriel: tuned into your body. You're doing great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice the dog with this other song.
Gwenevere Abriel: respond in a positive way.
Gwenevere Abriel: This
Gwenevere Abriel: Transformation.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how your children respond to this transformation.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's an incomplete transformation, but it was starting to be thought about
Gwenevere Abriel: And how does Glenn respond to the transformation.
Gwenevere Abriel: burgeoning, if you will. It's an almost their
Gwenevere Abriel: Transformation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, how does Megan respond to this almost transformation.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the safe room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Everything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Including magic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Inhale and
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale, nice and slow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tune in
Gwenevere Abriel: And see what comes up.
Magan: So I'm heading, Willa.
Magan: I'm sitting with you and the kids on the couch.
Magan: And I'm talking about this song to you guys and I'm seeing it too. I'm singing I'm singing the song.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Magan: Like as I'm talking about it. I'm like, You know that song and then I sing it. And you guys are like, yeah, I know that song.
Magan: So I don't know if it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Going back so sit back go inside image right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you can
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How does it sound again.
Magan: It's part of your world.
Magan: I love that song.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are we all doing
Magan: Hey, you guys. You're seeing it to
Gwenevere Abriel: Are we sitting on the couch.
Magan: Yeah, well, is just looking at us like we're insane but she's there and she's just enjoying my pets.
Magan: Because I'm cutting her and I'm rubbing your ears.
Magan: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Say, not in distress.
Magan: The dog fills.
Magan: The dog feels good. She looks okay she likes
Magan: Comfy on my lap.
Magan: And the kids look concerned but
Magan: They're going with it, like, okay, let's talk about this song.
Magan: And that other song is still playing. We can hear it but we're talking about this.
Magan: And
Magan: You
Magan: You're singing along with me.
Magan: And like you're like humming it
Magan: You're like, because you know it, too.
Magan: So we're thinking about this other song that's
Magan: That's the song that's
Magan: Pleasant
Magan: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: scan your body. Pay attention to your body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do I need to check in with the kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Gwenevere Abriel: Do the kids need to share some wisdom, what needs to be done.
Magan: I
Magan: Kids look concerned because
Magan: They know
Magan: They know that I'm trying to cover it up.
Magan: Okay, always do.
Gwenevere Abriel: So do they feel safe enough to bring up their concern to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Too low or to me.
Magan: To
Gwenevere Abriel: Express.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let your mind go blank.
Gwenevere Abriel: What thoughts come into your mind.
Magan: The kids want to talk to, like,
Magan: Hey, maybe you should know this.
Magan: Kind of thing and and you're like, I know.
Magan: And
Magan: You guys are talking amongst each other on
Magan: What you can do, how you can approach it because
Magan: I just look really happy sing the song right now.
Magan: And you don't want to
Magan: Disrupt that
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's both. You're happy. And there's also concerns. It's both in the room.
Magan: Yeah, it's like
Magan: It's like
Magan: Megan taking it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of pay attention to feet, do a scan come up through the earth.
Gwenevere Abriel: That awareness through the toes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are to the fee to the heels and calves have that energy sensation and awareness, moving from the cast the knees.
Gwenevere Abriel: To the thighs to the sit bones or the sit bones meet your supportive surface a chair bed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Couch
Gwenevere Abriel: That awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of the belly awareness of the breath awareness of the chest.
Gwenevere Abriel: just tuning in to sensation.
Gwenevere Abriel: And temperature and energy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Paying attention to your hands, those fingers and to the wrist and forearms.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just see what charges left
Gwenevere Abriel: See if we can
Gwenevere Abriel: Get some distance from it. There's any negative charge. Maybe this is the time to put it on a leaf and habit just sort of drift further and further away from you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And remaining on the shore, I'm there with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dog your children.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're
Magan: On. Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's okay. Maybe that's why you're standing in your ok but picture you're on the side on the ground and drifting further away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is any negative charge left in the body. Just see
Gwenevere Abriel: See where that was. See if you can uncross see if it makes a difference really picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: What shape it took that it could sit on that leaf.
Magan: What does it look like
Gwenevere Abriel: Those further away.
Magan: Looks like a note.
Gwenevere Abriel: A little note. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you see a kind of from the water kind of rocking and kind of moving further away.
Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how are we all together on the side.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of this creek.
Magan: I think we're all just sitting together what I imagine is we're just sitting there are not
Magan: Not ready to let this one go. This one's. This one's not done. But for right now.
Magan: Let's just let that little fucking know about
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How's the chest doing just what a tune in up there.
Magan: I'm
Magan: I'm uncomfortable. My job is doing the jaw thing.
Magan: But I'm not
Magan: It's not unbearable. Like, it's just, I'm uncomfortable because this was an comfortable. This is a hard one for me, this is a big one.
Magan: And
Magan: But you guys are there. You're not going away like it's yes you can turn around and walk back into the room and I'm okay with you guys coming into the room.
Magan: Like, that's an okay thing. You guys are
Magan: The only ones that are allowed, but you can't have a key the keys mine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So let's turn some real world stuff from your room you're in now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you think of
Gwenevere Abriel: Joy.
Gwenevere Abriel: That would really solidify that sense of we're all there with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it some. So for me, I always think well maybe I'll get a, like a sense, I'll get like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Central have this thing massage hand are all listened to her. I'll do or I'll go watch something we could talk with or have a pet my animal or something that would feel self soothing in the next five minutes right away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Painting fantastic take all of this and put it into some painting. Are you willing to do that to
Gwenevere Abriel: Not continue to process what we did.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Magan: I'll go to try
Magan: Next Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Next Friday. Same time
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're coming in for
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just leave it there. I got you all
Gwenevere Abriel: 17
Magan: Yes, I will be there.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you worked very hard today well
Magan: Thank you very much. You have a good day.
Magan: Safe. Bye.